button.add=Add
button.update=Update
button.edit=Edit
button.cancel=Cancel
button.close=Close
button.delete=Delete
button.save=Save
button.save.changes=Save Changes

chart.title=Dental Chart
chart.personal.title=Personal Dental Chart

calendar.title=Calendar

dashboard.title=Dashboard

misc.search=Search

patient.title=Patients
patient.list.title=Patient List
patient.add.title=Add Patient
patient.update.title=Update Patient
patient.profile.title=Profile
patient.medical.history.title=Medical History

dentist.title=Dentists
dentist.list.title=Dentist List
dentist.add.title=Add Dentist
dentist.update.title=Update Dentist
dentist.profile.title=Profile

staff.title=Staffs
staff.list.title=Staff List
staff.add.title=Add Staff
staff.update.title=Update Staff
staff.profile.title=Profile

dental.service.title=Dental Services
dental.service.list.title=Dental Services List
dental.service.add.title=Add Dental Services
dental.service.update.title=Update Dental Services
dental.service.profile.title=Profile

report.title=Reports

scheduler.title=Scheduler
scheduler.appointment.title=Appointment
scheduler.appointment.add.title=Add Appointment

service.title=Services
service.add.title=Add Dental Service

settings.audit.log.title=Audit Log

clinic.title=Clinic
clinic.list.title=Clinic List
clinic.add.title=Add Clinic
clinic.update.title=Update Clinic
clinic.profile.title=Profile

announcement.title=Announcement
announcement.list.title=Announcement List
announcement.add.title=Add Announcement
announcement.update.title=Update Announcement
announcement.profile.title=Profile

specialization.title=Specialization
specialization.list.title=Specialization List
specialization.add.title=Add Specialization
specialization.update.title=Update Specialization
specialization.profile.title=Profile

treatments.title=Treatments

login.title=Login




